
In responding to your classmates, compare your posts and discuss the following:

What did you find interesting or relatable in your peers' posts?
What tips can you share with your peers to help address the challenges they discussed in their initial posts?

pick 2 of these:

1. Name one event or person that influenced you to pursue a degree in your field.

I would say Ken Thompson and Guido van Rossum have been a huge influence for me to pursue development.

2. What is your comfort level with programming?

I am currently a full stack Software Engineer at Salesloft. The primary tech stack I work in is GoLang for the backend api layer / background workers and React(TypeScript) for the frontend. I started learning programming with C/C++ and eventually picked up Python / JavaScript. I would say that I am very comfortable picking up new languages and frameworks, and working on large scale applications. 

3. Which skills are you most confident in?

I would say I am most confident in the backend. 

4. Which skills need the most improvement?

Frontend development and software security. I am okay with frontend development, but a large code base in React or Angular can be overwhelming at times. Security is something I need to improve in, like tokens and authentication even for backend api's.

5. What strategies do you plan to use to manage your time and complete assignments in this course?

I plan to spend 1 to 3 hours a day on the class. Since I am full time remote, I am generally good at creating a schedule for myself and can focus on a strict routine / schedule. 

6. Reflect on the material you have reviewed so far in Module One. What questions do you have so far?

Software development heavily involves large collaboration, good communication and pair programming. It is common at work to work on a jira card or a task while pairing up with another engineer. Is this type of collaboration something we will be doing in this course?

**ANSWER**

Hello!

My name is Angel, I currently live in the northwest suburbs of Chicago. I currently am a full stack Software Engineer for Salesloft. I have a pretty cool story, I was originally going to school for Electrical Engineering and during this process I gained a large passion for software development. I took a bit of a pause in school but continued self learning in software development outside of school, while working a full time job in the electrical field. This self learning became almost an addiction once I hit a certain learning curve, I think because I was able to just pick up languages and framework very quickly and build anything I could think of! 

I even created a road map for myself and a strict schedule to attack areas I needed to get a job in the field. Eventually I was given a chance to work on a few software development projects at work, which allowed me to transferred into a development role at work and then landing in a full stack position at Salesloft. I am working to finish my Computer Science degree, although I have a full time position in the field, the degree is a final missing piece and will allow me to continue my study after my undergrad. 

Name one event or person that influenced you to pursue a degree in your field.

Ken Thompson and Guido van Rossum have been a huge influence for me to pursue development. 

Which skills are you most confident in?

I am most confident in Python but ever since I started writing GoLang at work, I have gain a huge love for the language. To me, Go is like a mix of Python and C, it is clean and elegant. 

What is your comfort level with programming?

The primary tech stack I work in is GoLang for the backend api layer / background workers and React(TypeScript) for the frontend. I started learning programming with C/C++ and eventually picked up Python / JavaScript. I would say that I am very comfortable picking up new languages and frameworks, and working on large scale applications. 

If anyone needs help with anything, please feel free to contact me! I am always looking more coding buddies :)

